---
title: "How 2 Mod Blunder Jub's Wii Fit Trainer Inflation Mini-game"
layout: post
---

**THIS IS CURRENTLY INCOMPLETE!!! Come back in a few days to see what the final blog page looks like.**

This is my first post, so you might find a couple errors lol.

**WARNING: This posts contains information on a game about body inflation fetish content. It is highly recommanded to NOT read this if you aren't above 18, or at the minimum, above 13.**




Alright, so recently, I tried modding a GameMaker Studio 2 game called "[Wii Fit Trainer Inflation Mini-game](https://blunder-jub.itch.io/wii-fit-trainer-inflation-minigame)". The game was made by Blunder Jub. Why did I try modding this game? I honestly wanted to add it to Flashpoint, since they support HTML5 games, and also because this is the ONLY game that Blunder Jub made that is exclusivly for browsers, so it needed proper archiving.

In early October, I tried downloading the game and running the HTML5 page as a local file, but the game didn't work. However, when uploading and running the game through GitHub Pages, it seemingly worked. So my goal was now to get it running offline, but I quickly gave up, but recently, I got Flashpoint Core 11, and I tried running it through there, and it worked!!! So now the game kinda works offline, but why isn't it running as a standalone local file (with the rest of the assets of course)?

Turns out Flashpoint uses a special local server to create a "fake internet". This server starts up in the same time as when you start up the launcher. I might miss some details, so here is a page on how Flashpoint works, on a surface level: [https://bluemaxima.org/flashpoint/datahub/How_Flashpoint_Works](https://bluemaxima.org/flashpoint/datahub/How_Flashpoint_Works).

I am too lazy to figure out how to make a local server, and I'm fine with using Flashpoint.

Anyways, the game runs offline/on a local machine, and the files can now be edited. This blog page serves as a way to document the spritesheet included in the game, as well as how to modify it, using a template I recently made. I do not want to go into details on the full timeline of all the attempts I made to make a proper template, but I am going to explain to you how to use it.

## The files (and programs) you're gonna need
Unfortunatly, this tutorial is only for Windows **for now**
